third of march -> r

map homphones, e.g.
Pupil power I mention in speech (8)
i mention in speech -> EYESIGHT(EYE=pupil + SIGHT=power)

implement distfix charades e.g. put X after Y. Likewise subs e.g. take X from
Y. E.g everyman:
RHETT
The clue is: ("Butler may make threat if article's withdrawn",5)


extend special cases for insertions e.g. X inhale -> X in HALE
fix this:
young girl once, a little fly (6)
young -> DAMSEL(subtract[fly] O(abbreviation[little] once a) from DAMOSEL=girl)

Why two identical solutions to shrieked clue?

Given several solutions with answer given pick the one with a known
def syn, if there is one, e.g. perfect -> IDEA is wrong, but it
knows notion -> IDEA, so choose that.

Implement swaps (e.g. exchange ch with s...)
Spot when one of the syns IS the final answer, e.g.
The clue is: A good deal signified, they say, by a piece of ground (9)
I think the solution is "EXHIBITED"

Let me explain...
I think the answer is supposed to mean "ground"
I think we have the concatenation of 2 sub-clues:
   1: I think "a good deal" indicates a first-letters take-out
         The text "signified" resolves to "exhibited"
      The result of the take-out is "exhib"
   2: I think "by a" indicates a charade (juxtaposition) of 2 sub-clues:
         1: The text "they" resolves to "it"
            ("say" indicates a specific example of something)
         2: I think "piece" indicates an anagram
               The text "of" resolves to "de"
            The required anagram is "ed"
      Joining the results together we get "it ed"
Joining the results together we get "exhib it ed"

add name abbreviations e.g. dot = dorothy
Add operas

The order of trees under an anagram doesn't matter! So prune them out.

Fix homophone parsing (1,11)

Fix abbreviations parse rule (don't call synonyms)

PROJECT: Homophones

unite middle letter inds and insertion inds, e.g. imported into

separate out innable insertions e.g. covered in, featured in. the main word is
an enveloping word, but with 'in' becomes an insertion word. Similarly
anagrams, like hairstyle. Also gadabout -> dag

Add rivers, authors, ...

def indicators and qualifiers will generate multiple identical treees, e.g. X
to an animal, where to an will be seen as part of the def indicator OR part of the
definition itself. Could have left- and right-handed defInds to fix this.
Right-handed ones must exclude qualifiers/noise preceding the definition text.

Long synonym expansions should be penalised, e.g. the second here
is clearly preferable. Needs to be done by sorting solutions (in Solver?).

The clue is: closed street to hold an eastern dance (8)
I think the solution is "COURANTE"

Let me explain...
I think the answer is supposed to mean "dance"
I think we have the concatenation of 2 sub-clues:
   1: I think "hold" indicates the insertion of one word into another
         1: "an" is verbatim text
         2: The text "closed street to" resolves to "court"
      For the insertion, "an" needs to be inserted into "court"
      The result is "courant"
   2: The text "eastern" resolves to "e"
Joining the results together we get "courant e"
-----------
438 1158
The clue is: closed street to hold an eastern dance (8)
I think the solution is "COURANTE"

Let me explain...
I think the answer is supposed to mean "dance"
I think we have the concatenation of 2 sub-clues:
   1: I think "to hold" indicates the insertion of one word into another
         1: "an" is verbatim text
         2: The text "closed street" resolves to "court"
      For the insertion, "an" needs to be inserted into "court"
      The result is "courant"
   2: The text "eastern" resolves to "e"
Joining the results together we get "courant e"


checkSyn "specification" "list" -- maybe specification -> ??

but there's nothing in it -> bout

middle-age -> g

Expand hyphenated text e.g. centre-left -> corel.

Evaluate once with simple synonyms and then with copound synonyms. The problem
is that the synonyms are cached by the *parser*.

Similarly, try verbatim text before synonym expansions in take-outs.

Map homophones e.g. "see you" -> "cu"

Pluralise manual synonym nouns, e.g. stoves -> agas

Prune out identical parses that differ only in labelled and unlabelled
charades. E.g. First (Syn (0,0)) + Syn (3,4) == First (Syn (0,0)) +[lab] Syn
(3,4). The label here is attached (wrongly?) to the First indicator.

Parallelise, esp for laptop.

&lit clues.

Multiple word solutions.

Avoid essentially duplicate parses arising from noise words being attached
to both a def indicator and some other, e.g. "Bond's said to be Asian",
where "to" and "to be" could be attached to either the homophone or the
definition.


